Added privilege control per user/db to MariaDB (#1941)
home-assistant/addons: mariadb/DOCS.md

This should be the same database defined in `databases`.

### Option: `rights.privileges` (optional)

> A list of privileges to grant to this user from [grant][grant] like `SELECT, CREATE`. If omitted, grants `ALL PRIVILEGES` to user. Restricting privileges of the user that homeassistant uses is not recommended but if you want to allow other applications to view recorder data should create a user limited to read-only access on the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of privileges to grant to this user from [grant][grant] like `SELECT, CREATE`. If omitted, grants `ALL PRIVILEGES` to the user. Restricting privileges of the user that Home Assistant uses is not recommended but if you want to allow other applications to view recorder data should create a user limited to read-only access on the database.
```
